Create ui-c8y-1019-24-2-data-points-graph-realtime-disabled-when-tab-is-in-background-6288.md (#2065)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1019-24-2-data-points-graph-realtime-disabled-when-tab-is-in-background-6288.md

---
date: ""

> title: Data points graph realtime disabled when tab is in background (#6288) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#6332)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Data points graph realtime updates disabled when browser tab is in background
```

> title: Data points graph realtime disabled when tab is in background (#6288) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#6332)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Data points graph realtime is kept enabled when the browser tab is in background
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-58410
version: 1019.24.2
---

> Data points graph realtime disabled when tab is in background (#6288) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#6332)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
To improve performance and reduce unnecessary resource consumption, the Cumulocity IoT application now disables realtime updates for data point graphs when the browser tab is in the background or not visible to the user. With this change, data point graphs will only receive and display realtime updates when the browser tab is active and visible. This ensures that system resources are used efficiently without impacting the user experience of viewing data point graphs.
```

> Data points graph realtime disabled when tab is in background (#6288) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#6332)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The realtime functionality for the data points graph was automatically disabled when the browser tab was in the background. With this fix, realtime is kept enabled and can be disabled only by direct user interaction.
```
